Upgrade all demos and guides to 24.2.1 and GraalVM for JDK 24.0.1. (#38)
graalvm/graal-languages-demos: graalpy/graalpy-javase-guide/README.md

Omit this section if you want to include the Python packages into the Java resources (and, for example, ship them in the Jar).
[Later in the Java code](#external-or-embedded-python-code-java) we can configure the GraalPy runtime to load the package from the filesystem or from resources.

> **Note** that due to a bug in the 24.2.1 version of the `org.graalvm.python` plugin for **Gradle** you need to include a resource.

Reviewer: I tested this and the bug is no longer there in 24.2.1, so this paragraph can be either removed or changed to something like:
```suggestion
**Note** if you are using older version 24.2.0: due to a bug in the `org.graalvm.python` plugin for **Gradle** you need to include a resource.
```
